Little Red Riding Hood

Once upon a time, there was a little girl who lived in a village near the forest. Whenever she went out, the little girl wore a red riding cloak, so everyone in the village called her Little Red Riding Hood.

One morning, Little Red Riding Hood asked her mother if she could go to visit her grandmother. "That's a good idea," her mother said. So, they packed a nice basket for Little Red Riding Hood to take to her grandmother.

When the basket was ready, the little girl put on her red cloak and kissed her mother goodbye. "Remember, go straight to Grandma's house," her mother cautioned. "Don't dawdle along the way and don't talk to strangers! The woods are dangerous."

"Don't worry, Mommy," said Little Red Riding Hood, "I'll be careful."

But when Little Red Riding Hood noticed some lovely flowers in the woods, she forgot her promise to her mother. She picked a few, watched the butterflies flit about for a while, listened to the frogs croaking and then picked a few more.

Little Red Riding Hood was enjoying the warm summer day so much that she didn't notice a dark shadow approaching out of the forest behind her...

Suddenly, the wolf appeared beside her.

"What are you doing out here, little girl?" the wolf asked in a voice as friendly as he could muster.

"I'm on my way to see my Grandma who lives through the forest, near the brook," Little Red Riding Hood replied.

The wolf thought to himself, "What a tender young creature! What a nice plump mouthful – she will be better to eat than the old woman. I must act carefully so as to catch both." So, he walked along with Little Red Riding Hood for a while and then said, "Why don't you pick some more flowers? Your grandmother will love them."

Little Red Riding Hood was delighted to do so. The wolf ran straight to Grandma's house and knocked on the door.

"Who is it?" called Grandma.

"It's me, Little Red Riding Hood," the wolf replied, mimicking the little girl's voice. "I've brought you a basket of goodies."

Grandma, who was in bed, said, "Come in, dear."

The wolf let himself in. Poor Granny did not have time to say another word before the wolf gobbled her up! Then he put on her nightgown, dressed himself in her cap, and climbed into bed.

A few minutes later, Little Red Riding Hood knocked on the door. The wolf, pretending to be Grandma, called out, "Come in, dear."

Little Red Riding Hood opened the door and stepped inside. She could barely recognize her grandmother.

"Grandma, what big eyes you have!" she said.

"All the better to see you with, my dear," replied the wolf.

"Grandma, what big ears you have!" she continued.

"All the better to hear you with, my dear," replied the wolf.

"Grandma, what big teeth you have!" she said in surprise.

"All the better to eat you with!" roared the wolf and leapt out of bed. He chased Little Red Riding Hood around the room.

Just as the wolf was about to pounce on her, a hunter who was passing by the cottage heard her scream and rushed inside. He grabbed the wolf and made him spit out poor Grandma, who was a little shaken but still in one piece.

"Oh, Grandma, I was so scared!" sobbed Little Red Riding Hood. "I'll never speak to strangers or dawdle in the forest again."

"There, there, child. You've learned an important lesson. Thank goodness you shouted loud enough for the hunter to hear you," said Grandma.

The hunter knocked out the wolf and carried him deep into the forest where he wouldn't bother people any longer.

Little Red Riding Hood and her grandmother had a nice lunch and a long chat.

And so, Little Red Riding Hood learned an important lesson: always listen to your mother and never talk to strangers.



By: ChatGPT